Doc fix (#4200)
jupyterhub/jupyterhub: docs/source/reference/database.md

We have chosen SQLite as JupyterHub's default for its lightweight simplicity
in certain uses such as testing, small deployments and workshops.

> For production systems, SQLite has some disadvantages when used with JupyterHub which includes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For production systems, SQLite has some disadvantages when used with JupyterHub, including:
```

### PostgreSQL

We recommend using PostgreSQL for production if you are unsure whether to use

> MySQL or PostgreSQL or if you do not have a strong preference. This is because there is an

Reviewer: This isn't the reason, it's another (related) fact.

```suggestion
MySQL or PostgreSQL or if you do not have a strong preference. There is
```

additional configuration required for MySQL that is not needed for PostgreSQL.

### MySQL / MariaDB

- You should use the `pymysql` sqlalchemy provider (the other one, MySQLdb,
  isn't available for py3).
- You also need to set `pool_recycle` to some value (typically 60 - 300)

>   which depends on your MySQL setup. This is necessary since MySQL kills serverside

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  which depends on your MySQL setup. This is necessary since MySQL kills server-side
```

  connections if they've been idle for a while, and the connection
  from the hub will be idle for a longer period than most connections. This behavior
  will lead to the frustrating - `the connection has gone away` errors from
  sqlalchemy if `pool_recycle` is not set.
- If you use `utf8mb4` collation with MySQL earlier than 5.7.7 or MariaDB
  earlier than 10.2.1 you may get an `1709, Index column size too large` error.
  To fix this you need to set `innodb_large_prefix` to enabled and
  `innodb_file_format` to `Barracuda` to allow for the index sizes jupyterhub

>   uses, `row_format` will be set to `DYNAMIC` as long as those options are set

Reviewer: Ending a sentence here is correct:

```suggestion
  uses. `row_format` will be set to `DYNAMIC` as long as those options are set
```
